the un for palestinian refugees
says children spend several hours a day
collecting water and food often carrying
heavy weights al's digital platform ag
plus has spoken to some of those
children
report getting water is something tr
challenging here in gaz because people
have to agency for long  distances to have some
free water or they will buy it from
vendors walking the that means you can that
it was
[Music]
Yes,
bravo. My name is Layan and I am seven years old. I tire of
the street from this.
This is my other life.
How terrifying it is. Twice a day. Sweet and salty. The
hardest thing we always face. Yes.  Displacement is the availability of water
for us. Water is very scarce, whether it
is water for use or
drinkable water, and sweet water means every now and then
when something comes to us and we take out a pen from it, I mean,
when you sit for almost eight
hours because of fatigue, the end of the year, then you stand on it.
Four hours is possible. Two buckets finished. The
floor was
ruined by bacteria
and fungi. The children had a fever and developed
intestinal problems.
The pill must weigh one kilogram. I see
its weight does not exceed 10 rams. The container used to
cover it. I mean, over the course of the week, we used to
pick approximately 10 tons from it. Now it is 100 kilograms.
Hous is
is an op to let people wait in this heat
exem heat to gra
some subs chn